Speaker 1:  This is the trans groups.
Speaker 2:  [INAUDIBLE]
Speaker 4:  and I'm like, "Can I'm not dying?" I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm not dying?" I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm just dying?" I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm just dying?" I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm just dying?" I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm just dying?" I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm just dying?" I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm like, "Can I'm just dying?" I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and I'm just dying and
Speaker 5:  uh-huh yeah so how I've been debugging I've out
Speaker 5:  I'm running the emulator.
Speaker 5:  essentially both BSCode and Android.
Speaker 5:  studio, Android studios where I'm like looking at the device Explorer and then BS code is where I'm looking at the debugger.
Speaker 5:  And what I did is I just made some sample transcripts. I just had GPE to generate some basic like, way to customers, where the customers change the order made in order and doctor.
Speaker 6:  Could you push that in your brand? Yeah, yeah.
Speaker 5:  I was gonna open a draft VR and just kind of have that up there and then you can probably just be the same stuff. I just have decent in assets. But.
Speaker 5:  brain brain work I
Speaker 5:  was finding that I needed to add like a load text file. It doesn't what I haven't doing right now is just storing in main. I just have it storing the transcripts to the device. So that's over here. Technically the next step is to also move the file to the database.
Speaker 5:  I just saw that there's no, that I guess there is a, these transient functions that weren't there before, but.
Speaker 6:  I don't know how to use this stuff. Yeah, I need to lift the next piece. But yeah, some brown added code to her added files to the database like they exist because I can pull them. Oh, yeah. They still know where that whole they offer. No, no, those are right here. Those are within.
Speaker 5:  the yappy database. And if you use the SQLite brain.
Speaker 5:  and see the like browser that you recommended before oh my gosh that's great
Speaker 5:  You can how do I do it before oh you can download
Speaker 5:  you can save as the database.
Speaker 7:  work like this on the face.
Speaker 5:  So then you open database
Speaker 5:  just open the database and then you can see the stuff. Oh, crap, it's table. He has a few sample things in here too. I just leave him to be bigger.
Speaker 5:  No, yeah, that's part of what I was why I created examples because I also need them to be bigger to test the summer ice
Speaker 6:  I think Rachel needs him to be bigger too because Rachel's side is the one that's parsing a different relation. So I don't know what that looks like yet and we're kind of running out of time. I think the piece that I wasn't understanding which probably goes into that of.
Speaker 5:  Okay, am I in this functionality that I was creating for this one is just a restaurant example. I was loading the tax from the device. It'll be eventually from the database.
Speaker 5:  including that with restaurants-specific context. I haven't updated it for the other industries yet, but this is the pattern of the previous summer 2323 use. They tell the GPT the context.
Speaker 5:  hand have this return Jason and then send that
Speaker 5:  off to the API, I just really wasn't sure what it is I need to return because what it creates right now is the the transc like the summarized trend score.
Speaker 5:  But I guess the next step in the flow is where I'm not 100% sure. Was that? Wasn't that what Rachel was working as well? That's...
Speaker 10:  I don't know. Go ahead, Rachel.
Speaker 11:  um what you see?
Speaker 6:  How does your API, like what is your API doing? So it takes in the transcript and then what are we getting return?
Speaker 12:  I make a dress.
Speaker 5:  Yeah, I guess I don't know where to stop right now with this transcript of the sending the data off to GPT. I can send the data off and get a response. But what format do we want the response to be because it needs to be Jason so it can be parsed into different fields with the move. I think with what
Speaker 6:  ever Rachel's dad we might hopefully
Speaker 14:  - Okay, good.
Speaker 17:  We have to talk to the powers.
Speaker 18:  the colon structure is
Speaker 19:  It's getting to be the A. Yeah, it's a dust burner. That's where it is.
Speaker 20:  So, step 3, start.
Speaker 21:  starting of transmission and touch on bass
Speaker 5:  That's Bernard as well. Matt with what you were expecting Bernard that you're shoving the transcript into the database after it's completed.
Speaker 22:  I can definitely do that part currently. I just have a...
Speaker 5:  kind of raw transcript being spit out. I mean another option. So if the raw transcript is being spit out to like scream, but also that was a piece I was gonna ask. I guess.
Speaker 5:  how do we want to pass that information to the summarization piece? Because we could do it directly through some sort of API where sherpa is sending this stuff over to this open AI algorithm you know that I have here. So next step, we're like what how do we want to? We can also store it.
Speaker 6:  in the database and then I can pull from the database but I'm just well not sure. Guess of the diagram that I think Ryan or Bernard posted and what it's going to do is take that transcript store to the database because I need that for my history.
Speaker 6:  Then Rachel's code was, this is what I was tracking and don't quote me, then we're going to take that code from the database then parse it.
Speaker 5:  But there's a step between that where the information has to go to the LM for further processing it thing or there's right there it would be. Yeah.
Speaker 23:  So
Speaker 22:  I think for me, I'm steps 1, 2, and 3. I just have to...
Speaker 22:  actually go from my raw text segments with timestamps and a audio file to a just
Speaker 22:  straight text transcript that I can store in the database. I'll have to look at how Brian's implemented that.
Speaker 24:  from there.
Speaker 22:  Xander either pulls from the database or he pulls directly from me because how I currently have it is I make a conversation object and that object has a method on it to take my list of segments and condense them into a transcript so he pulls from
Speaker 25:  either one of those to a...
Speaker 26:  course.
Speaker 22:  send off to the LLM and that becomes step four, I believe.
Speaker 27:  So Rachel's API is the parse.
Speaker 5:  after returning from the hell, I'm is that correct? - Then should be.
Speaker 5:  And that's what we're matching up the order information with.
Speaker 5:  I guess deals on the UI in some way.
Speaker 6:  So you're so I would add your number four
Speaker 5:  the number four. So I believe so that the the I would be pulling from the database sending the trend.
Speaker 5:  the orange grip that Bernard has stored there to the LLM and then storing that result in the database as well and then
Speaker 27:  That's the information is present then Rachel's API would be
Speaker 5:  that summary and populating like part
Speaker 28:  bring it out.
Speaker 29:  The treating items will make a long step aside. Very good seeing.
Speaker 30:  It is the rest of the menu. Correct.
Speaker 31:  we decided that balladating menu items was our upscotch.
Speaker 27:  Well, okay, if it's not validating directly, then it's at least serving up to the user, the order.
Speaker 32:  at that point in a way.
Speaker 27:  where they're able to make edits.
Speaker 6:  He's thrown down a little bit more Rachel. Okay.
Speaker 33:  Yeah, right there. So, stores over here.
Speaker 34:  Thanks, and supporting.
Speaker 31:  I don't know. I was only the impression that we weren't handling, like specifically like...
Speaker 27:  I don't know. Like uploading the menu and ensuring that it is in menu I'd have met that restaurant I thought we had to start being out of scope. I agree that that particular thing is out of scope. I think what he wanted us to be, what he wanted the user to be able to do is to edit the summary that that.
Speaker 5:  L-L-M serves up.
Speaker 5:  Regardless of the scope that can be for that order that can be for the
Speaker 6:  that we not need step 5. So if we already have step 5, we don't need to change it because like, we'll be fine. What I think is absolutely on scope is us adding to that outside of hard coding. I think that as long as, because I
Speaker 35:  I think Rachel already did stuff by, right?
Speaker 37:  Never know, that's really fine. We just thought it was gonna be too, um, too heavy.
Speaker 27:  What is it? What is it? Valor and against just like a sample menu?
Speaker 39:  we have to take that some days like it the menu is
Speaker 41:  So, so.
Speaker 42:  We need a pretty good time.
Speaker 5:  can put them in the database and then just say what it is for that.
Speaker 43:  cover that.
Speaker 45:  I don't know where it is. Did you hard code any of that Rachel?
Speaker 46:  Like the menu items themselves, did you heart coat any of that? I was thinking the menu was taking the desktop being like, okay. Yeah, like I said, if you already have.
Speaker 5:  I thought he may remove that from the diagram when we were talking about that.
Speaker 27:  Oh wait, let me I'll just look in the sequel like thing the browser
Speaker 22:  So Brian has restaurant in there. Yeah, but not like not any kind of validation for menu item. I think that's just a just as like this is what was ordered.
Speaker 48:  or there's rice and we don't have rice
Speaker 49:  that's how you see this.
Speaker 27:  So I mean we can put menu items in the database to do this. Like if that's not out of the question. Yeah it doesn't seem like if it's the work's already done then we're waiting. So what's step six? All right.
Speaker 51:  Well, on step several days, where...
Speaker 6:  That country will see this game will work. Yep, so if first step six if it's being stored like that in the database that I'm good all I have to do is grab that data out of the database for that order pretty much exactly like that and I can be able to create
Speaker 35:  my cards so it will be good on that one. Yeah there it is in order items table. Yeah so I think we're I think we're good. That seems like you're making your chapel last year Patrick. No I was I was really hoping that that was how it was gonna get like I guess my brain remembers reading brines um well chart thing.
Speaker 35:  That's what I remember is it's going to be able to take what?
Speaker 35:  what the order was after it's been parsed by Rachel's API.
Speaker 5:  I don't think there was a status, there's a quantity.
Speaker 35:  Yeah, I don't think status is present. I wouldn't do status if I had it. Yeah, but um, he used to roll down a little bit more Rachel. Okay.
Speaker 6:  I really like what we did otherwise. It's nice. Yeah.
Speaker 52:  (muffled speaking)
Speaker 54:  Yeah, that's out of this. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
Speaker 27:  Okay, so that makes sense. What do I need to provide at the end as the end step of step four? So...
Speaker 27:  I might store it into the pussy. So there's transcript text data times down.
Speaker 5:  response. So, so Bernard will be storing in the transcript text data field for a transcript. I would be storing in the transcript. Hey, I response field in this case. So we'd be writing to the same entry.
Speaker 35:  just different columns. Yeah. And then Rachel's API will take from your code, which is stored and then presented to the UI. Is there a spot for Rachel's post API stuff?
Speaker 5:  In the database then that would be she would be referencing the menu items table and then she would be populating the order items table There's also a restaurant order table. I don't know. I was to talk my head
Speaker 5:  please don't I guess she would be creating it
Speaker 57:  I rest around the order that contains order items not completely sure. So Rachel, in your...
Speaker 35:  Pull up your code real quick. Sorry.
Speaker 58:  For the restaurant.
Speaker 61:  Okay, so a transcript store order.
Speaker 51:  And I need to connect this to what I can show you guys.
Speaker 35:  So, Rachel's code will take in the information that Sanders code.
Speaker 63:  unless they're chat cheap, be king.
Speaker 35:  In Rachel's code will return to the database the parse data in a order list.
Speaker 57:  So all three of these things Bernard's that my staff and Rachel step all Access the same transcript table item in that case So we have to make sure that we're doing it in the proper order so we don't end up with a race condition
Speaker 64:  just as a note.
Speaker 65:  You can remind your whole... You can repeat that one more time.
Speaker 5:  If Bernard is storing to, Bernard will be kicking off everything by storing a new transcript. And after that is created, then I would be editing the same transcript by adding the AI response.
Speaker 66:  You know.
Speaker 27:  Yeah, so that after my step then Rachel's a key is
Speaker 27:  Taking that transcript specifically the AI response that my
Speaker 5:  generated of that transcript item and creating.
Speaker 68:  the restaurant or the based off of it or a
Speaker 5:  or a doctor visit in some of these other cases.
Speaker 28:  I'm just I'm looking at the database in front of me.
Speaker 69:  So, bye.
Speaker 70:  I'm going to steal it from my first second.
Speaker 69:  So...
Speaker 4:  Ali just might be I don't know. I don't know exactly how we're gonna do this but we might need
Speaker 35:  some code to try making sure like what Zay are talking about, but it's not trying to do everything in the wrong order. 'Cause like this obviously the new transcript has to happen first.
Speaker 71:  And then when...
Speaker 72:  (mellow music)
Speaker 69:  Then he would go through the LLM. I'm sorry I spoke her in my place.
Speaker 74:  I'm not visiting the works.
Speaker 75:  You missed the age. The line comes out.
Speaker 76:  I even fucking messaged him.
Speaker 77:  What is her agent?
Speaker 78:  Yeah, for now.
Speaker 79:  ask your parents. I don't know.
Speaker 80:  And then, the lander.
Speaker 80:  Vamber. Vamber.
Speaker 83:  Man, you got that one, right? I got lucky.
Speaker 84:  And then you are.
Speaker 86:  Oh.
Speaker 87:  I think you are would be pulling.
Speaker 88:  just orders or items or
Speaker 89:  Yes.
Speaker 5:  and we pull in some combination, because you're going to have the order, but then within each order, then you have order items.
Speaker 91:  We'll see you again.
Speaker 93:  Yeah, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um,
Speaker 27:  It's kind of confusing 'cause I think the API layer is what we would want interacting with the database and then pass the information back to the front end.
Speaker 28:  as opposed to the front end needing to call directly to the database.
Speaker 94:  and Brian.
Speaker 27:  put a lot of functionality in there to pull specific elements from the database. It just needs that bridge from the UI to the...
Speaker 95:  database in my case.
Speaker 96:  So I'm wondering where...
Speaker 63:  This bride for NARS code should be really easy like you just gonna take a transcript I say I apologize for saying in my brain not coding it right now taking the transcript and putting on the database I don't
Speaker 4:  know how to then get the LLM to know.
Speaker 6:  We would have to probably hard coat it into here.
Speaker 71:  that whenever that I would as add the transfer to the uh um
Speaker 71:  And as a run database, then it would run.
Speaker 71:  LN.
Speaker 71:  And then after LLM is done it would run API.
Speaker 71:  And then after that.
Speaker 97:  word
Speaker 63:  I wouldn't need to do anything because the UI will just take it whenever the user.
Speaker 5:  Bernard, how did you envision kicking off?
Speaker 10:  the next step after the turn.
Speaker 98:  this created.
Speaker 99:  So...
Speaker 22:  I'm still dealing with one big conversation object.
Speaker 101:  Um.
Speaker 102:  Don't think that's an issue for yeah, yeah, I think they're up no
Speaker 22:  I think basically, whenever a recording is ended,
Speaker 103:  It just gets...
Speaker 22:  moved automatically.
Speaker 22:  To the transcripts.
Speaker 22:  via the database, I think.
Speaker 104:  um yeah it is
Speaker 35:  For the UI, the UI, the first, the middle button.
Speaker 45:  I thought it was in terms of transcript text.
Speaker 4:  Our pulls from both the pulls from.
Speaker 6:  - Trans scripts, Trans script. - Yeah, and then it goes, and then UI.
Speaker 96:  right side
Speaker 105:  is.
Speaker 107:  make sense
Speaker 6:  to make sure that Bernard's code has at the very end of whenever that recording ends that it forces it to go through the HelloM.
Speaker 109:  I don't quite understand the last two lines.
Speaker 110:  we'll just get in turn it's gross. So.
Speaker 111:  [BLANK_AUDIO]
Speaker 112:  for this bit of data.
Speaker 35:  Before it goes through restaurant, it's going to pull the data for transcript. It's just going to pull the transcript ID. It's not going to pull the transcript. It just pulls the transcript ID for the day. So that's the only information that I'll get from the database to show.
Speaker 35:  All of the days transcripts, but when you click the actual transcript is when you'll get the code that's post.
Speaker 6:  That's what would be pulling the transcript text data field from the database in that case this specific Okay, and as the the history one the far right one impulse the transcript ID creates the little Not like little buttons you can click and then
Speaker 4:  This one is pulling the transcript text data.
Speaker 6:  Which is Bernard's code. This is...
Speaker 115:  Bernard's so which
Speaker 116:  Which button will be pulling the transcript AI response? The middle one.
Speaker 118:  different field okay
Speaker 6:  Like right now it says like this is what they generated but I know that specifically for this one it's going to have to pull the data to...
Speaker 119:  Okay, be able to do this.
Speaker 120:  And that...
Speaker 121:  So the L.M. would have to be fed with...
Speaker 121:  script ID. I think that's what would be I guess.
Speaker 5:  for an arts piece would be calling my piece, sending a transcript ID of like, this is the transcript I just stored. And then my picks that ID up. And it's like, okay, I'm putting the AI response for this transcript. I'm pulling the transcript text data from the database. And then I'm storing.
Speaker 5:  Transcope AI response to that same transcript after completion in this case
Speaker 122:  Wait, do we?
Speaker 123:  Do we want to store it like that?
Speaker 124:  which part, story.
Speaker 22:  the chat-gpt-parst version of the transcript. Do we want to directly back into the transcript?
Speaker 109:  In a different field okay, okay, yeah Okay, okay, okay, okay
Speaker 125:  sense.
Speaker 63:  for the ones that aren't restaurant, we would need...
Speaker 63:  the API is going to be different we would need no I don't know they're not just for a mess up
Speaker 27:  I think it's still the same glow here, but yes, you're right that the API will be processing different information from the AI response for each transcript based on the industry. And I think the rest of those are.
Speaker 63:  I'll just figure it out.
Speaker 69:  We still need to do the chat box in the search feature. Yeah.
Speaker 127:  that I don't know
Speaker 35:  The chat box should be hard, it should just be a widget. The search button as well should just be a widget. So hopefully Flutter is already cool enough that it does it for us.
Speaker 31:  I'll take a look at that here on the side. I'll sign that to myself speaking
Speaker 103:  of widgets did we still want to implement that?
Speaker 22:  little live audio, spread to gram when you're recording.
Speaker 128:  I'm gonna say no
Speaker 103:  Okay, because I thought that would be kind of easy to implement because the last team just used the library for that.
Speaker 131:  Okay, I was gonna do it if no one else wanted to but okay, sure.
Speaker 132:  I like... I like...
Speaker 35:  the way that yours does like the little like record button when you click it that was perfect for me like I felt that was more than enough for anyone that like you click the button it starts recording it shows you that it's recording and then when you press the red button even my two and a half year old daughter knows how to press the red button
Speaker 134:  and it will be a...
Speaker 135:  Spectrogram.
Speaker 22:  or, well, specifically, the one...
Speaker 22:  that I think they were using, I'll just drop the package and chat. Yeah, it's just uh...
Speaker 131:  audio waveforms.
Speaker 137:  Wiggling audio. I don't know what to call it.
Speaker 138:  The voice speaking squiggle line.
Speaker 139:  Yeah, yeah.
Speaker 140:  We've put you every time.
Speaker 141:  That's how to get, yeah.
Speaker 142:  and we'll see you on the next one.
Speaker 69:  I can hear my daughter acting a full upstairs. Some trussers are with pal. She's dirty.
Speaker 5:  Yeah, these are the fields that I was talking about earlier. Can you take text data? I'll turn the script A and response. Okay.
Speaker 143:  Yeah, that makes sense.
Speaker 144:  And also...
Speaker 145:  My goodness, my eyes.
Speaker 5:  What was the other thing? Jesus totally shit. Yeah, so I can probably have a function for each industry here or maybe even just an if statement in one of them. If the industry is passed, so I guess.
Speaker 146:  Perhaps the...
Speaker 146:  his chirpa, he's would pass along.
Speaker 57:  which industry and which transcript ID So that this knows which context I agree with and which Transcriptical yeah um
Speaker 109:  And I suppose, I'm a witch.
Speaker 27:  that the Sherpa piece is triggered on one talent which industry like the you I would have to pass your book which industry that it's
Speaker 149:  the same for.
Speaker 150:  um
Speaker 22:  So sure it is.
Speaker 22:  And looking at Brian's database code, he only identifies the transcripts by ID.
Speaker 151:  at least
Speaker 152:  under U V A, U
Speaker 6:  So did you code your API in the industry menu or do you call it in the industry menu?
Speaker 6:  Yes, I believe so then it will know that the industry menu will know which industry it's on It's not he would just have to take Okay, yeah, I could just take the title yeah Okay, yeah, I could just take the title yeah
Speaker 63:  Okay, so you take title. So after your API, sorry, you're speech attacks runs, it would and then directly after hands it would prompt Xander's code in the end.
Speaker 63:  this menu, then you would be able to take the title and the new ID.
Speaker 153:  Yeah, and then I put it in the break and push it to the pass. Yeah, and then I know we brush it to this page.
Speaker 154:  I like that I can talk it out loud, but then I'm coding it and stuff.
Speaker 157:  has been fucking terrible for me.
Speaker 158:  - Yeah.
Speaker 35:  you want done with this ticket, the create filtering and search features for the transcripts. What exactly do you want? That's a transcript history page. So if you want to adjust it to that, it's specifically what the professor asked for on the history page, whatever you.
Speaker 63:  I'm looking at your list of transcript IDs before you click on them. He wants to be able to search for specific items within the files that like.
Speaker 35:  for the doctor wanting to be able to search for keywords and then the chat bot would be the same concept like hey what am I supposed to do for this and it should take from the database and look for that information so I should just be querying for information.
Speaker 35:  So it might be able to just get away without doing the search feature and just do the chat box and chat. Is the chat box should be able to do that. We could always.
Speaker 161:  trying to search far into the chat feature too. Just when you guys are referencing the chat feature, what are you anticipating that hooking up to?
Speaker 162:  the internet.
Speaker 5:  Because I think what he wants us to do is use like...
Speaker 5:  For instance, the chat TPT assistance module where it has the context of just our application in terms of, quote, chatting, that goes to the greater internet. That sounds way better. I like what you're thinking. But what I'm saying is that non-truity people.
Speaker 5:  I mean, I'm not saying it. Yeah, we done. I'm just saying.
Speaker 164:  another piece to consider.
Speaker 35:  If we just do a search feature that is a little search bar that will literally just query the transcript data.
Speaker 6:  Or the like the just the database equaries for that industry and it looks for that information like that's plenty. I think that'll be more than enough. Do you want it to look up like cheese burger or like yeah? Yeah
Speaker 27:  Yeah, pretty much. So this is sounding like it'd be asking how many of my recent orders have included G burgers or like how many customers have asked for pickles on their burger within the past three days or something along those lines. I think that's the check.
Speaker 6:  version of that. I think that if we just stick with the search version it would be more like it would be more like
Speaker 63:  How many pills was I supposed to take? And then it would look for that, or you could type in the date, and it would bring up the transfers from that date. I don't know how advanced we want to get into it with how little time we have left. I think that as long as we have the search bar there, and it can just filter information.
Speaker 4:  I doubt he as long as we don't accidentally present that I don't think he'll notice because there's already enough fucking functionality in this thing that he's not gonna remember everything he said
Speaker 5:  Alright, that's a good start. So it'll just be clearing.
Speaker 5:  that there may be enough database queries to start with.
Speaker 5:  like this based on keywords like it would be keyword or like
Speaker 165:  pilot to for the win. I guarantee you I can do it.
Speaker 31:  I just got a tune in by UI assignment and
Speaker 167:  and I can hit this with all I got. Yes.
Speaker 168:  taking two classes of time. It's like you're cheating on me. To be there, I should be able to have that UI.
Speaker 169:  I think done by, um, five months.
Speaker 170:  night.
Speaker 31:  So realistically, I will have the rest of this week to take care of it.
Speaker 149:  That's good. That's what I wanted to make sure that we look at it so we have what three weeks of.
Speaker 69:  Yeah, okay, so then Xander some chevors screen up. Can you pull up the PowerPoint?
Speaker 171:  in the end of the episode.
Speaker 172:  I went on this way, right? Yes, we have threefold. You see how yesterday?
Speaker 173:  So do many of those.
Speaker 174:  We'll also break.
Speaker 6:  Yeah, how far are you from being able to just take the speech to text and put it in the database?
Speaker 175:  already know that I should craft that the professor wants.
Speaker 176:  I mean...
Speaker 177:  Theoretically.
Speaker 178:  At this point, I should just be able to...
Speaker 22:  hook up some kind of call to the uh and
Speaker 22:  transcript button or just stop recording button so that when it's toggles it
Speaker 22:  just also grabs the conversation pulls out the transcript and passes it along to the database. So I don't think that'll be too rough.
Speaker 27:  Can you go to the critical path page? And with that also trigger Like I can put up a draft PRC, but with that trigger my API
Speaker 116:  as well to generate that next summary as well.
Speaker 179:  that's toppled.
Speaker 180:  Okay, so here's another thing.
Speaker 181:  [INAUDIBLE]
Speaker 180:  We do need to do some kind of error correction, I believe.
Speaker 22:  Or am I? That was yes. Okay, so the best place to do that is immediately after the transcript is or the conversation is generated. That's kind of funny because I wrote down that as a question and bring up this evening. What stage we want to do include the correct?
Speaker 182:  corrective measures.
Speaker 183:  So yeah, I'm thinking we add-
Speaker 184:  another tab.
Speaker 22:  in between the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and the recording and
Speaker 22:  rest of them where
Speaker 22:  Once you finish the recording, it immediately goes there.
Speaker 131:  gives you kind of a
Speaker 103:  Segment by segment.
Speaker 22:  Kind of like a messenger app kind of recording of what was said and then you can just scroll through it real quick. If you tap on it, it lets you correct it.
Speaker 22:  any egregious mistakes and then at the bottom you hit a confirm and once you confirm it says it's a database triggers everything else. I can do that. I can do that. How did you write that in the notes?
Speaker 186:  I got that, I can make that happen. Okay, just throw around.
Speaker 121:  if we get every throw up kind of button, then you and there, one, two.
Speaker 121:  for that to be a separate piece.
Speaker 154:  Yeah, that doesn't seem like I'll be able to make that happen really quickly and I like I like the idea because it's like it would just be the text of it and then you go to click it and correct whatever the hell you want
Speaker 168:  The next stage is so already is a con bomb task for manual transcription correction.
Speaker 31:  Yeah, also in a tepetric in the null
Speaker 70:  Uh, good notes. Okay, so that one's good. I have next week off, not this week, but the following week. So at a minimum, I can absolutely power through some fucking hard cutting.
Speaker 187:  Just panic
Speaker 188:  All right, so.
Speaker 5:  So what is actually well, this is a later step, but I'm just looking at the common board so the So the So the So the
Speaker 27:  I don't know. I'm confused. So we have an implement. Oh, sorry. Yeah, we have an implement. We have an implement.
Speaker 5:  Reattime notification for complete transcription, but in this case that we're talking about then
Speaker 27:  for the initial completion or would that be for
Speaker 27:  One day are done making their head. It goes off to the LLM. Is it once the while these are asynchronous? I don't know if there's a so direct way to say this is done other than it's been stored in the database so currently um when you
Speaker 22:  Hit the stop recording button. It doesn't.
Speaker 22:  like maybe five more seconds of processing and then it's done. It doesn't really have anything else that you can do.
Speaker 22:  that point is where it would be passed off to the edit or correct.
Speaker 22:  direction, UI. And then once that is confirmed, then it would directly pass off to the LLM or chat tbt. So I don't think we need any real time notifications. I don't think we need any real time notifications. I don't think we need any real time notifications. I don't think we need any real time notifications. I don't think we need any real time notifications.
Speaker 189:  [BLANK_AUDIO]
Speaker 27:  I think there's a way to mark some stuff with OBE.
Speaker 190:  Oh, I just...
Speaker 191:  been deleting things I'm sorry
Speaker 88:  - In terms of our... - Correct.
Speaker 5:  I don't know if I can do it.
Speaker 4:  Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word docs still with the Word.
Speaker 175:  Original plan that we had so at a minimum their stuff on there. I also have notes
Speaker 193:  Okay, is this on there? Yeah.
Speaker 5:  I'm gonna be a little credit. I'm gonna put over here and work it is done.
Speaker 194:  be afraid to delete it after as long as it was.
Speaker 196:  I'm sorry
Speaker 197:  text first what happened
Speaker 198:  I can't have all my documents open at once. You're going to crash my computer.
Speaker 199:  - Okay.
Speaker 175:  Alright, what else do we got into this? Do you add any corrections options? That's me.
Speaker 200:  "implement speaker identification. Got to hate everything about that. I'm sorry, Bernard." No, so... Yeah.
Speaker 201:  It's been...
Speaker 202:  It's been awful.
Speaker 200:  I love how he literally just didn't listen to you. You're like, "Hey, I have all this expertise because I've been researching it." I don't know anything that I'm happy about, but I want you to do it. So I mean, what he said kind of made sense and...
Speaker 131:  that did put me down a path where I could not do speaker dialization, but instead do speaker identification. The only problem is, like I told him, it's still not nearly good enough, especially on mobile to actually be accurate and useful.
Speaker 154:  I just don't understand how he thought that if you Trump it off and now you have your context
Speaker 6:  different files with speakers that are all different numbers but they're need to somehow be recombined with their original voice. I was like, "No, I don't think you realize how naturalistic it is." You're just like, "Yeah, if you just map them all until the LLM to map it all across the jungle."
Speaker 203:  It's gonna be spider man
Speaker 37:  he was like he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like oh just me get so that he was like he was like oh just me get so that he was like he was like oh just me get so that he was like he was like he was like oh just me get so that he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was like he was
Speaker 37:  There's a gap in speech.
Speaker 204:  a new speaker and I was like...
Speaker 205:  And the other thing I thought about, what about those feelings?
Speaker 207:  Oh yeah.
Speaker 131:  Yeah, that's like the major problem with it because I've been having it run during this conversation and it's already up to like well over 200 speakers.
Speaker 208:  Yeah, that's my thing.
Speaker 213:  Even if...
Speaker 214:  I don't know. I know a lot of people when they're ordering from tape.
Speaker 219:  there
Speaker 220:  I don't think he understands what he's asking for.
Speaker 180:  this entire thing
Speaker 103:  get a super rough mock up of what it could be, but to actually polish this and make it a
Speaker 221:  You have to have either a s--
Speaker 22:  someone who hyper focuses on this kind of stuff. Just working on it for a year or you need an entire team of people like Suno AI presumably does.
Speaker 37:  I was just he keeps comparing us to like other teams that have successfully done this and I'm like
Speaker 37:  how much money do those teams have and how many developers do those teams have that it is their job
Speaker 225:  Yeah.
Speaker 233:  I think.
Speaker 236:  Hello
Speaker 238:  That was good. We got the right. See it right there.
Speaker 240:  Just snuck in
Speaker 242:  Oh, I'm so busy.
Speaker 27:  I'm just talking about how helpful it is that your database is. I'm just still already ready.
Speaker 246:  Also, I'm sick. Which doesn't know. That doesn't matter.
Speaker 247:  I'm tired of being sick all the time.
Speaker 248:  There we go.
Speaker 249:  So if you catch me dying in the next meeting or not at the meeting at all just now just now just now
Speaker 157:  Probably good. Um, room for an art. Uh, I think that we're kind of stuck with trying to get your transcript to the next button without storing it.
Speaker 180:  Why do you say that? I don't know how to... Oh, okay, no, okay, never mind. So my code...
Speaker 180:  does have a return.
Speaker 22:  it does return way
Speaker 22:  way at the bottom of my friggin 700 lines of code.
Speaker 250:  returns a conversation.
Speaker 22:  So the conversation object is basically what the edit UI should take in and that...
Speaker 103:  that conversation object is basically just a list of
Speaker 22:  A list of segments which each have text and then a final audio file as well.
Speaker 251:  the
Speaker 27:  string or just like it is it just attacks the attack
Speaker 253:  Yes, so when a Yes, so when a Yes, so when a
Speaker 180:  Eventually gets to that point I have a get transcript function on my conversation object that just combines all of the uh...
Speaker 22:  segments into one big text file that's properly annotated and everything.
Speaker 254:  Okay, do you happen to have any?
Speaker 255:  example, like to be able to push just in terms of testing.
Speaker 256:  No, you got it.
Speaker 257:  I have that gotten to the point where I've actually like
Speaker 131:  return the conversation object. I just have the bones of like getting there already written.
Speaker 258:  I'll just keep the butt.
Speaker 27:  and the samples that I made.
Speaker 5:  and uh
Speaker 22:  I will just get there when I get there. I think I can get like that part of it polished up and get an example to you in the next day or two.
Speaker 259:  cool yeah I'm gonna
Speaker 259:  I'm gonna make an
Speaker 5:  a draft forward process at some point with what I have so far right now I'm just kind of slicing it to main and using local storage to load stuff but at some point I'll be
Speaker 260:  switching that to pull from the database.
Speaker 5:  Well, I guess that would become yeah, I would be pulling from the database based on the information that you send me of what in this well the transfer ID mainly but the industry so that I can tell it which context to preload with all all
Speaker 261:  I'll cook that into my button.
Speaker 5:  Now I'm also just using 4-0 Mini, technically later on, once we get the solid, like we can play with this and figure out if we want to large your model to
Speaker 5:  more fancy stuff or not, but just
Speaker 5:  Great now, I'm trying not to spend a lot.
Speaker 154:  We need a plan where we need to be in the next three weeks. I don't think that critical path actually helps us at all because it's fucking useless.
Speaker 69:  So
Speaker 265:  by the end of this week.
Speaker 266:  We need.
Speaker 35:  the transcripts to make it through.
Speaker 57:  the transcripts. So that's what the transcript ends our edit process. Correct. Yeah, transcript to edit.
Speaker 268:  us transcript to database.
Speaker 266:  We need.
Speaker 70:  database to LM
Speaker 267:  We need to search.
Speaker 270:  function
Speaker 109:  You can probably put from LLM to database as well.
Speaker 57:  It's been my first time receiving information. I can store it back where I got it from in the transcript.
Speaker 272:  time.
Speaker 175:  There anything else I think of right now that we need to finish up test the list so testing and testing.
Speaker 273:  and then document issue
Speaker 168:  We're also gonna have to update the top testing documentation for the next couple weeks.
Speaker 165:  typing it out while I'm already in this working.
Speaker 45:  I think we could probably get to...
Speaker 69:  this
Speaker 275:  Yeah.
Speaker 161:  I think we should at least start testing. I don't know. I think these are like...
Speaker 277:  Yeah, okay, I see.
Speaker 278:  I'm thirsty.
Speaker 255:  Yeah, and I've been holding out on changing anything regarding open AI like
Speaker 5:  our AI process while we're still ironing things up.
Speaker 279:  documentation was.
Speaker 154:  I'm sorry. It's just the way like my brain is thinking
Speaker 282:  - We'll be in place at the end of that. - Yeah.
Speaker 286:  - I'm in the way.
Speaker 287:  that's I just wanna plan.
Speaker 35:  this third week if we're not done with the first two weeks shit, we're not gonna be able to finish.
Speaker 31:  every Sunday since we're meeting every single Sunday as we could sit down and plan what we need to have done for the week. It's like a weekly to-do list.
Speaker 289:  That's true.
Speaker 6:  Also this way, Ali can't sit here and correct my typing while I'm doing it.
Speaker 292:  I would correct your formatting. There should be difference.
Speaker 293:  leadership for our.
Speaker 255:  the whole API event.
Speaker 27:  I know we haven't touched the deployment process recently, but I'm not completely sure of how.
Speaker 27:  storing that in GitHub Secrets to pull into the application works.
Speaker 5:  Because right now I'm working from, okay, I have an UV file locally. That's what I'm plugging this stuff. That's what I'm plugging in to be able to call out the, the, the, the GPT.
Speaker 294:  but in terms of
Speaker 193:  Well, I don't know. I mean, I'll ask you all. Is it? Sir.
Speaker 5:  this proof of concept we wanted to delete it so that okay if you're running this app you have an egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg
Speaker 295:  the IP.
Speaker 5:  at least for right now, or what do we want to do?
Speaker 260:  as a proof of concept that this thing works.
Speaker 27:  I don't think we're trying to release this actually right now So you have a proof of concept that it does work What I'm saying is that it works like I can call out to the the GPT But that's because I have a local eMB file that has my a I d
Speaker 32:  any of us who are running the app with the
Speaker 296:  um
Speaker 10:  then if we're running
Speaker 297:  locally in the eBay, the IP.
Speaker 32:  don't completely understand how.
Speaker 298:  the whole year of secrets plus
Speaker 260:  us deployment.
Speaker 27:  Bakes an API key into our application to be able to run without that because Because
Speaker 299:  You ever know?
Speaker 300:  Bye, Ellen.
Speaker 301:  - No. - Kika? - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. - No. -
Speaker 5:  I don't know. I'm partial toward leaving it so that if you're running the app you have a key in this pocket and locally.
Speaker 302:  because we're not releasing this.
Speaker 302:  If anyone has other thoughts let me know. I'm just trying to keep it simple.
Speaker 303:  We could just add a real...
Speaker 22:  simple settings UI.
Speaker 304:  under
Speaker 22:  Yeah. Similar to the learning lessons. Yeah. I think we're going to have to do something like that anyway because the AI models are just slightly too large for me to commit them to GitHub. So I either need to, that's one other thing I need to do is either add some code that.
Speaker 22:  and loads them on the fly.
Speaker 305:  Or...
Speaker 22:  have them like in the GitHub actions somehow be downloaded there so that they're
Speaker 22:  but still baked in, I guess. Because currently GitHub actions will fail on my draft just because it doesn't have those files.
Speaker 22:  And when GitHub Actions does work, it does spit out a full APK.
Speaker 306:  So
Speaker 22:  If we can just plug that bit and then
Speaker 307:  have the user
Speaker 180:  I don't know, either have the user manually.
Speaker 22:  settings menu just acknowledge hey I want to download these and here's my API key.
Speaker 308:  like that.
Speaker 10:  that's it you're checking
Speaker 310:  You're muted.
Speaker 311:  I figured it out. Okay, so we're good.
Speaker 121:  need a way of inputting.
Speaker 5:  the like accepting that the sure book packages will be downloaded and that the user can't need to be able to provide an API key for
Speaker 312:  typically use
Speaker 314:  He's a curse.
Speaker 316:  It was working the download feature. I'll do that.
Speaker 318:  I spelt it wrong, fucking dude.
Speaker 6:  Hey Brian, he's still there. Yeah.
Speaker 320:  And you help me.
Speaker 6:  look through all the UI and add the correct database information.
Speaker 323:  tomorrow
Speaker 324:  I'm going to be just very busy the first I believe it. And I'll.
Speaker 325:  again, hopefully the next episode.
Speaker 261:  No, you're fine. I think...
Speaker 329:  most of the things I'm doing.
Speaker 165:  It can wait until the end of the week to get the actual database information added because we've all just kind of created our own little bits of information to steal.
Speaker 63:  So we should be fine. I just, I think it would be a lot easier for you to implement all that than me trying to figure the fuck out. Yeah.
Speaker 331:  - This is your son, mate. - Yes.
Speaker 332:  more you can
Speaker 333:  Yeah, you can wear a new look.
Speaker 334:  I...
Speaker 335:  I don't
Speaker 5:  Yeah, so when I was asking about the...
Speaker 336:  All you find, I don't think.
Speaker 5:  because what I'm working on now does not require that.
Speaker 13:  (wind blowing)
Speaker 5:  I don't think that request is still current. I think I'll be pulling just the text from the transcript.
Speaker 5:  Transcript tax data field of a transcript after Bernard's Greece populates that So I would be pulling in tax as opposed to audio directly in that case Yes, I think my request is OBE at this point and you don't need to look into that
Speaker 340:  Yeah.
Speaker 260:  We just, yeah, we, I think it was the last meeting. We hatched out a bunch of.
Speaker 341:  how we were actually gonna pass this day around for our hugs.
Speaker 5:  does the part that I was asking you about already?
Speaker 342:  I have to do.
Speaker 343:  So we have a plan.
Speaker 116:  A lot of these can slip into the second week, but we cannot slip into the third week. I think I agree that the core functionality should be done two weeks from now so that we're not back against the wall for the actual code.
Speaker 4:  In just like agile fucking development, we just need to be able to present something. At the end of this, as long as we present something that works, we can talk about why something didn't make it. And I'll be like, we'll be perfectly fine. Like having that information, we're knowing it. What I don't want is...
Speaker 119:  just gets at the end and then nothing works and then we have nothing to showcase.
Speaker 5:  So based on this land, does anyone have concerns about their...
Speaker 57:  or should what concerns or confusion about their pieces.
Speaker 344:  in this.
Speaker 22:  I don't. I think the only one other thing I would like us to add is since I have a audio file saved.
Speaker 22:  If Brian could just add a wave for us to associate.
Speaker 22:  audio files to a transcript. So there is...
Speaker 5:  I do see there's a blob transcript. I'm just Word document. I don't know. Yeah.
Speaker 345:  It's just a garden.
Speaker 324:  Okay, I'll take this on.
Speaker 346:  So you could probably throw it in there. Give me one second to find the database helper again. No. No. No. No. No. No. Share.
Speaker 347:  - That's what I'm saying. (mellow music)
Speaker 348:  see this object.
Speaker 22:  Okay, trying to skip. Okay. Um, okay. Cool. That works. Okay. Um, okay. Cool. That works. Okay. Um, okay. Cool. That works. Okay. Um, okay. Cool. That works. Okay. Okay. Um, okay. Cool. That works. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Cool. That works. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Speaker 193:  And then I guess...
Speaker 5:  where you were requesting that that be displayed on the UI, what was your top thing?
Speaker 154:  I'm gonna throw a lot of code on the history so that you could click a button and listen to the recording.
Speaker 349:  Okay, so I'll give them almost original content to be in public.
Speaker 353:  Yes.
Speaker 103:  Yes, so.
Speaker 22:  So when I do a recording, I output a way file. Currently, I'm just saving it to the file system with one of Android's like get application folder functions.
Speaker 22:  I just want to know if that is the best place to put it or if there was a way to add.
Speaker 354:  it to the database directly.
Speaker 324:  It doesn't make sense to say that it goes through a few months.
Speaker 324:  that in the future might be better to see that in local storage.
Speaker 355:  I'm sorry.
Speaker 356:  Um, um, I'm pretty sure.
Speaker 333:  It might be better just to save it to local storage and then you might believe it after.
Speaker 357:  - I agree. - Is that next one?
Speaker 358:  Yeah
Speaker 121:  Somewhere in here kind of
Speaker 5:  So I ironically have to point that I ask you about this is being able to store to the day-days but I'm in a new way.
Speaker 5:  And I wasn't sure if we actually knew, but I guess, we're not.
Speaker 361:  question
Speaker 364:  All right.
Speaker 367:  if here that happens.
Speaker 369:  between the end of the Western idea here
Speaker 370:  it was a sense it was a sense
Speaker 5:  Oh, James. Medical, for sure. Mechanic, we've made up, but he's been asking for medical since the beginning.
Speaker 376:  Okay.
Speaker 154:  A little bit of functionality with a mechanic will be fine and then yeah, as much as reasonable.
Speaker 378:  Oh yeah.
Speaker 379:  Good luck Rachel. Good luck.
Speaker 161:  Let us know if you run into any issues.
Speaker 380:  I think we're here. I think we had a good plan. I think.
Speaker 381:  It's realistic.
Speaker 71:  and then by
Speaker 154:  Next Sunday, if we didn't finish anything, we can start moving more force towards it. So it looks like Ken's got a little bit of bandwidth. Maybe Brian.
Speaker 382:  at the end of the week.
Speaker 35:  Maybe I just like don't don't ask anymore things if Bernard don't ask anymore things original I Just like don't don't ask anymore things if Bernard don't ask anymore things original I Just like don't don't ask anymore things if Bernard don't ask anymore things original
Speaker 6:  Xander probably if I'm alone.
Speaker 27:  It can up and putting down the information, and making sure it'll bounce to the GPT and back with something. Oh, I guess that's one thing. Do we want the response to the MJ or do we want it to just be a raw like, like, summary of the transcript?
Speaker 383:  big ones.
Speaker 27:  It will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will be tax but like this will
Speaker 384:  Like, so you want to be like the photos not like Jason.
Speaker 385:  properties.
Speaker 268:  So I would use me the Jason properties online. But that's more of a Brian question. So I mean, theoretically the API.
Speaker 22:  Could take Jason, I'm just not sure whether the AI can consistently get properly formatted Jason and it would be impossible to troubleshoot that.
Speaker 259:  I will get a text on.
Speaker 22:  I mean, it depends on how accurate it is if it can pretty consistently give this JSON. It just depends on how Rachel's API expects it to be.
Speaker 5:  there's structured out place for some of the models.
Speaker 121:  When I was looking at the API stuff, or the JPG, API stuff, some of the models have structured outputs and you can tell it, give me Jason. I don't know if I accurate that is and if it will actually be applicable to our process, but.
Speaker 6:  a brand how hard would it be to be able to change?
Speaker 6:  So on saying after we get it back from the L.M. and it goes to the API, how do we edit that information if it's not correct? So when you're now on the middle button or the button that's showing you the post API information, how do you edit it?
Speaker 386:  And can you...
Speaker 6:  you go to use edit and throw it back into the database after you're done. We just have to put it into the UI. Yeah, I think that's the way to go.
Speaker 4:  like, where how'd that happen? And you can like double click it and change the text. I'll, we'll have that then.
Speaker 6:  Was it here, Ambulant?
Speaker 391:  Okay.
Speaker 392:  Alright, alright, alright.
Speaker 393:  I'm dead. I... I... I'm dead.
Speaker 394:  f
Speaker 22:  I don't think I have anything else.
Speaker 395:  regional.
Speaker 397:  I
Speaker 5:  Alright, Tuesday, 70.
Speaker 399:  Yeah, E-G.
Speaker 402:  What time works better for you?
Speaker 403:  You don't know what you say. You don't know.
Speaker 406:  I'll take. Would you have just...
Speaker 407:  join me. Care for, select the rest of us.
Speaker 35:  Like I work from like 7 to 5 everyday like eating a little person
Speaker 5:  I'll be traveling, I'll be in Austin, this Thursday through Monday. I should still be on a make like our Sunday meeting, but just in case, just putting it out there.
Speaker 411:  [BLANK_AUDIO]
Speaker 412:  Your score will reflect.
Speaker 413:  19 for channel hard work.
Speaker 69:  The finish strong, this makes us happen.
Speaker 414:  Yep.
Speaker 415:  Bye
